---
title:
  OPLAND - Bridging the Efficiency Gap for Small Enterprises
images:
  - href: /images/OPLAND.webp
    alt: OPLAND
  - href: /images/star_palace.png
    alt: Star Palace
url:
  - title: OPLAND Beta Homepage
    url: https://opland.aaagile.com
    icon: link
---

# OPLAND - Bridging the Efficiency Gap for Small Enterprises

## Abstract

OPLAND is an AI assistant designed to address the productivity challenges faced by small-scale businesses. While large
corporations integrate the latest technologies, smaller entities often grapple with inefficiencies. OPLAND leverages
advanced language models to mitigate these inefficiencies, enabling brainstorming and problem extraction in everyday
tasks.

## Motivation

The inception of OPLAND in December 2022 was fueled by the discernible disparity in technological adaptation between
large enterprises and their smaller counterparts. The objective was to harness the power of large-scale language models
to create a product that could cover the inefficiencies predominant in small-scale businesses.

## Description

OPLAND serves as a conduit for brainstorming and extracting tasks in daily operations, allowing users to streamline
their workflow and enhance productivity. It was developed and refined between December 2022 and June 2023.

## Team

CEO/Lead Engineer: Haruka Takahira

CFO/Lead LLM Researcher: Irfan Nurhadi Satria (from Indonesia)

Lead ML Researcher: Alvin Yao (from China)

## Results / Accomplishments

Engaged in dialogues with over 50 users.
Conducted technical verification through the integration of graph databases and labeled DL models.
Improved quality by combining low-function models and knowledge graphs.
Despite the advancements, securing DAU remained a challenge, leading to a pivot eventually.

## Architecture

Front End (FE): Next.js was chosen due to the team’s technical stack and its API server capabilities.
Back End (BE): FastAPI was selected for its compatibility with ML libraries, especially HF.
Internal Service (GOLE): A combination of Go and FastAPI was used for debug availability.

## Reflection

The journey with OPLAND underscored the intricacies of achieving Product-Market Fit (PMF). A more rapid iteration
process using no-code tools should have been implemented to expedite adaptations and refinements.

## Conclusion

OPLAND stands as a testament to the relentless pursuit of bridging the technological divide between different scales of
businesses. It encapsulates the endeavors to elevate the operational efficiency of small-scale enterprises by
integrating advanced AI technologies. The experiences and learnings from OPLAND continue to shape the ongoing journey in
the realm of technology and innovation.
