---
title: Google DSC Lead
images:
  - href: /images/gdsc.jpg
    alt: I talked with Sunder Pichai, CEO of Google
  - href: /images/gdsc_class.jpg
    alt: We had tech classes every week
url:
  - title: Join GDSC Keio
    url: https://gdsc.community.dev/keio-university/
    icon: link
  - title: GDSC Keio Twitter
    url: https://twitter.com/GDSC_Keio
    icon: link
---

# GDSC Keio (Cloud League): Fostering the Next Generation of Tech Innovators

## Introduction

I was honored to be selected as a representative for the Hiyoshi Campus of Keio University under the Google Developer
Student Clubs (GDSC) initiative, a student community supported by Google Developers. Over the course of a year, I
successfully brought together and curated a community of 30 passionate individuals, not just from Keio University but
also from other prestigious institutions across Japan. These individuals were united by a common goal: to deepen their
technical knowledge and apply it to real-world scenarios.

## Motivation

My dream has always been to harness technology to make the world a better place. I realized that to achieve this, it
wasn't enough for just me to delve into technology; we needed to increase the number of individuals capable of applying
technical knowledge to real-world problems. With this vision, I established a community centered around the Kanto
region, bringing together students with a high drive for technology. Together, we collaborated on learning and
developing applications.

## Activities

Our primary focus was on applying the technical knowledge we gained to develop applications that could benefit society.
We organized hackathons twice a year, which also served as a selection process for new members. Those who passed the
selection joined various app development projects. Every week, we held study sessions with themes ranging from Web
Development, AI, Flutter Mobile App Development, to Blockchain.

## Achievements

The year I applied marked the inaugural launch of GDSC activities in Japan by Google, and I played a pivotal role in
supporting its establishment. Over the year:

More than 70 individuals participated in our hackathons.
Over 30 students, after rigorous selection, engaged in app development activities.
We had participation from students not just from Keio University, but also from the University of Tokyo, Tokyo Institute
of Technology, and Hitotsubashi University.
Our alumni, including myself, have been instrumental in initiating various app development projects, achieving
significant milestones:

A timetable app tailored for Hitotsubashi University, surpassing 10,000 downloads.
A fun app for sharing location information with friends, also exceeding 10,000 downloads.
A music-focused NFT market, which collaborated with renowned rappers in Japan.
An AI business assistant app targeted at SMEs, which garnered attention and was featured in newspapers in Indonesia.

## Conclusion

The GDSC Keio, affectionately known as Cloud League, stands as a testament to the power of community and collaboration.
It's a beacon for aspiring tech enthusiasts, illuminating the path from learning to real-world application. Through this
initiative, we've not only honed our technical skills but also made tangible contributions to society, one app at a
time.