---
title: Mall Tomorrow
images:
  - href: /images/mtmr.png
    alt: Mall Tomorrow - Today and Tomorrow of EC
  - href: /images/mtmr2.png
    alt: Mall Tomorrow - Architecture
url:
  - title: Mall Tomorrow Video
    url: https://x.com/CGVFOF/status/1578238600936058880?s=20
    icon: link
---

# MallTomorrow: Revolutionizing E-commerce with Blockchain

## Introduction

In today's digital age, data regarding everyday products, such as books and daily necessities, is scattered across
various platforms. For instance, while Amazon and other e-commerce giants manage their product listings, individual
publishers handle their official e-commerce data, and retail stores rely on their inventory management systems. This
fragmented approach, while offering companies incentives for supply chain optimization and data utilization, also leads
to inefficiencies, such as surplus inventory and wastage of fossil fuels in delivery.

## The Problem

Consider ordering a book on Amazon. Instead of sourcing it from a nearby bookstore, it's dispatched from one of Amazon's
27 fulfillment centers scattered nationwide. Meanwhile, local bookstores grapple with surplus stock and declining sales
due to the rise of e-commerce. Imagine if e-commerce orders could be fulfilled using the inventory of nearby retail
stores. This could potentially reduce delivery distances and better utilize retail inventories.

## The Solution: MallTomorrow

To address this challenge, we developed MallTomorrow, a blockchain-based e-commerce platform. By recording product data
on the blockchain, with each product having a unique corresponding record, we can track inventory information (including
details about the warehouse or retail store managing the product) and pricing data. When a consumer purchases a product,
the system distributes incentives among all stakeholders involved, from the seller and inventory manager to the delivery
service and retail store.

## Technical Details

MallTomorrow operates on the Polygon blockchain, deploying a smart contract—a system embedded within the blockchain. We
also provided an official API accessible via HTTP requests. The smart contract was developed using Solidity, while the
API was crafted with TypeScript (Nest.js) and Go.

## Achievements

We created a prototype of MallTomorrow and showcased it at the "Tokyo Web3 Summer Hackathon," a platform that gathers
innovative products from both domestic and international creators. Our product was recognized and selected among the Top
36 entries.

## Reflection

Development took place from July to November of the previous year. However, we faced challenges. For sellers, the
incentive to switch from existing e-commerce platforms to MallTomorrow was minimal. Additionally, our calculations
indicated that the cost of delivering from retail stores to customers would be significantly high. Due to these
challenges, we decided to temporarily halt the development.

## Conclusion

MallTomorrow aimed to redefine the e-commerce landscape by integrating blockchain technology, ensuring efficient
inventory management, and reducing the environmental impact of deliveries. While the journey encountered hurdles, the
vision behind MallTomorrow remains a testament to the potential of technology in transforming traditional industries.

